Title: Games
Date: 2016-08-01 12:51
Category: Portfolio, General, Software, Games
save_as: games.html

**Dime Adventures** is a pulp roleplaying game set in an alternate history of the year 
1904. This game has been written and developed, but is currently waiting for its 
crowdfunding and subsequent publication. This is scheduled for January 2017.

**Shadows Over Sol** is a science fiction horror roleplaying game set in our own solar 
system, some 200 years in the future. Humanity has spread throughout the inner planets and 
is making headway into the outer solar system, but humankind has brought its own dark 
workings with it into space.

**We're All Going to Die Here** is a tongue-in-cheek card game based on the tropes of the 
horror genre. In it a group of teenagers explore a haunted mansion, only to be picked off 
one by one in overly cliche ways. Those players whose characters are eliminated then "join 
the haunt," working to make the game harder for the remaining players.

**Against the Dark Yogi** is a tabletop roleplaying game set in a fantasy world based on 
mythological India. It's a game of high action and cosmically-chosen heroes with fantastic 
abilities, working to thwart the coming of the final age of the world.

**The Difficult Life of the Costumed Henchman** is a theater-style live action roleplaying 
game, designed to run in roughly four hours. In it a group of costumed henchmen working 
for the city's supervillains meet to discuss the possibility of forming a union. 
Unexpected events and hijinks ensue.

**Saga Machine** is a tabletop roleplaying game designed to run any number of genres or 
settings. It is meant to be quick and easy, while supporting a variety of styles of play. 
This system was later revised, improved and use in both *Against the Dark Yogi* and 
*Shadows Over Sol*.

**Dark Ages: Trystell** was a browser-based strategy game, where players take on the role 
of empires in a fantasy world. The game was competitive and would pit players against each 
other for domination over the continent. At its height it has over 1000 active players.